Chapter: Introduction
Topic: Building context-aware AI tools with custom knowledge bases
Transcript:  Ever wonder how AI tools respond with such relevance or how platforms like Spotify, Netflix, and YouTube provide personalized experiences by predicting our preferences with uncanny accuracy? Now, imagine building a chatbot that not only answers questions but gets what you're really asking about. This course is your guide to developing AI conversations that feel more human by building chatbots that can retain context and pull information from a custom knowledge base. I'm Guil Hernandez, a software development instructor and developer for over 15 years, and I'm excited to start this learning journey with you. So if you're ready to blend the capabilities of open AI models with the speed and efficiency of a vector database to create chat applications that truly resonate with users, I invite you to take this course.

Chapter: Introduction
Topic: What you should know about AI and JavaScript
Transcript: - Before we get started, I want to make sure you're set up to hit the ground running and get the most out of this course. This course is designed for those who already have a solid foundation in JavaScript and are familiar with working with APIs. Specifically, you'll build what's called a RAG, or retrieval augmented generation chatbot, using the OpenAI API and the Pine Cone Vector database. You'll also run your project locally with Vite, a modern and fast frontend tool that simplifies project setup and development. To fully benefit from this course, you should also be comfortable with asynchronous programming in JavaScript and experience with the OpenAI APIs Chat completions endpoint is also a plus, as it will help you grasp and manage the chatbot messages and responses more quickly. If you're new to APIs or need a refresher on JavaScript, I recommend brushing up on those skills first. This will ensure you can follow along smoothly. If you're ready to go, let's keep going.
